Client Cluster for Azure Sandbox (#153)
linkedin/openhouse: infra/recipes/terraform/azure/environments/sandbox/README.md

Author: Needs review, added client section at the end of the file

## Deconfiguration

Run `terraform destroy` once you are done to tear down the services you have created.

# Access Created Services

Once you have successfully run the above steps so the sandbox has been run, you can now access the pods in AKS in your local terminal by ensuring you are logged in to the Azure CLI with `az login` and then running
`az aks get-credentials --resource-group <resource-group> --name <cluster-name>`. You can then run any `kubectl` commands.

## Make requests to services

To make requests to the services, set up port forwarding by running `kubectl port-forward <pod-name> 8080:<destination-port>`. You can get the pod name by running `kubectl get pods`. Then, you can make requests to HTS and Tables service via `http://localhost:<destination-port>`. If you want to make requests to both HTS and Tables services you will need to forward to two separate ports.

## Run client shell

### Start local spark cluster

> TODO: MAKE BETTER, UNIQUE FOR SPARK CLUSTER

Reviewer: Is it not possible to run the spark cluster on Azure?

Author: We were running into issues with the HDInsight cluster and the cores required, so we decided to do local instead

## Make requests to services

To make requests to the services, set up port forwarding by running `kubectl port-forward <pod-name> 8080:<destination-port>`. You can get the pod name by running `kubectl get pods`. Then, you can make requests to HTS and Tables service via `http://localhost:<destination-port>`. If you want to make requests to both HTS and Tables services you will need to forward to two separate ports.

## Run client shell

### Start local spark cluster

Navigate to `infra/recipes/docker-compose/spark-only`, and run"
```
docker compose build
docker compose up -d
```
to build the images and start the `local.spark-master` container.

### Start spark-shell

> Once the terraform services have started, run `./spark-client.sh`. This file pulls the AKS pods, gets the terraform outputs, generates the spark-shell command, and enters the spark shell within the `local.spark-master` container. Then, run commands like those found in `SETUP.md` to make requests from the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the terraform services have started on AKS, run `./spark-client.sh`. This script gets the AKS cluster info such storage account and AKS cluster using terraform. And then pulls the details of the services running on AKS such as tables-service  address and port and generates the spark-shell start command. Lastly, starts spark shell within the `local.spark-master` container. Then, run commands like those found in `SETUP.md` to make requests from the spark client.
```
